+++
title = "Time Consuming Flaws"
date = 2020-04-20
[taxonomies]
tags = ["personal"]
+++

One of the biggest problems I have is getting caught up on the small stuff. It's so hard to see the bigger picture sometimes. For years, I've "taught" myself programming. I say it like that because really, I've never gone beyond procedural programming in a project. I've never made a scaffold for a large project, nor have I developed anything for a large amount of time. Some of that is due to childhood commitment issues (subconsiously I guess), but I still try to fight it every day. I got rid of my PC so that I'll be completely focused on my Mac, working on software, but that's so much harder than it sounds. There's so many different languages, libraries, and I get caught up in which things to learn, how to learn them, or lose interest, and switch back to a different language/library. The biggest example right now is Javascript, I hate JS with a passion, mostly because it's changed so dramatically since I was a kid. I never bothered to learn it back then, because it didn't seem promising (thanks Google btw for V8). Fast-forward to now and JS is the future of desktop applications, and for good reason. It's really the only way to make a visually pleasing desktop app that doesn't reek of the 90's or non-uniform design. More than that, it can be run on the three biggest operating systems using the same code base. I'm really torn between two sides here, do I stick with JS and design apps that would either eventually sell, or land a job? Or do I go back to Rust and hope that backend development can carry me to success? Both are promising, but it's often a struggle I have, especially since the two serve two completely different purposes. Am I a front-end dev or a back-end dev?
